Sign In With Apple Setup and Configuration (#8191)
auth0/docs: articles/connections/apple-siwa/add-siwa-to-web-app.md

## Prerequisites

Before you configure Sign In with Apple (SIWA) for your native app in Auth0, do the following:

* Have an [Apple Developer](https://developer.apple.com/programs/) account, which is a paid account with Apple. (There is no free trial available unless you are part of their [iOS Developer University Program](https://developer.apple.com/support/compare-memberships/)).

* [Set Up Apps in the Apple Developer Portal](/connections/apple-siwa/set-up-apple). Make a note of the following IDs and key for the application connection settings in the Auth0 Dashboard:

  * Services ID (Client ID)
  * Client Secret Signing Key
  * App ID (Apple Team ID)
  * Client Signing Key ID (optional)

::: note
If you are using the Classic Universal Login flow or embedding `Lock.js` in your application, make sure you are using `Lock.js` version 11.16 or later. 
:::

## Configure and enable the connection in Auth0

> Once you have the credentials you need from your Apple Developer account, you need to configure the application client and the connection settings in Auth0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the credentials you need from your Apple Developer account, you need to configure the connection settings and enable the connection for your application in Auth0.
```

description: Learn how to add native login functionality to your web or other app with Apple. 
toc: true
topics:
  - authentication
  - connections
  - social
  - apple
contentType: how-to
useCase:
  - add-login
  - customize-connections
  - add-idp
---
# Add Sign In with Apple to Web or Other Apps

You can add functionality to your web application that allows your users to use their Apple login credentials to authenticate. As with other identity providers supported by Auth0, when your users login, they can click the "Sign In with Apple" button and they'll be taken to the Apple sign-in screen. They will see the name of your app and a placeholder icon. They will enter their Apple ID and password. If their Apple ID has two-factor authentication enabled, they'll be prompted for that as well.

## Prerequisites

Before you configure Sign In with Apple (SIWA) for your native app in Auth0, do the following:

* Have an [Apple Developer](https://developer.apple.com/programs/) account, which is a paid account with Apple. (There is no free trial available unless you are part of their [iOS Developer University Program](https://developer.apple.com/support/compare-memberships/)).

> * A [custom domain](/custom-domains) set up on your Auth0 tenant (because you must be able to do domain verification with Apple).

Reviewer 2: Unless they are using the Auth0 custom domain as the domain in the email addresses used to contact customers this is not true.
Just to be clear, a Web Domain does not have to be verified for the web flow to work. Customers can put the auth0 (tenant.auth0.com) or custom domain (customdomain.com) in the web domain without verification and everything works.
Also, custom domains using Auth0 managed certs cannot be verified because we don't give any option to upload the files.

* [Set Up Apps in the Apple Developer Portal](/connections/apple-siwa/set-up-apple). Make a note of the following IDs and key for the application connection settings in the Auth0 Dashboard:

  * Service ID (Client ID)
  * Client Secret Signing Key

>   * App ID (Apple Team ID)

Reviewer 3: App ID != Apple Team ID

  * Client Signing Key ID (optional)

::: note
If you are using the Classic Universal Login flow or embedding `Lock.js` in your application, make sure you are using `Lock.js` version 11.16 or later. 
:::

## Configure and enable the connection in Auth0

1. Go to the [Auth0 Dashboard > Connections > Social](${manage_url}/#/connections/social) and click on the **Apple** connection.

2. On the **Settings** tab, fill in the following fields:

    * **Client ID** (Services ID)
    * **Client Secret Signing Key**
    * **Apple Team ID**
    * (optional) **Key ID** (Apple will accept the key without the ID)

    ![Application Connection Settings](/media/articles/connections/social/apple/apple-connection.png)

3. Click **Save**.

4. [Test the connection](/connections/social/apple/test-siwa-connection). 

> ## Verify domain ownership on the Apple Developer portal

Reviewer 3: Remember: this step is still (to my knowledge...) not strictly necessary for setting up an app.

Reviewer 2: +1 this is not required and it will not be possible for auth0 domains (tenant.auth0.com) and custom domains using auth0 managed certs.

> 1. Move your project code to your server and make it run like you did locally. You still don't need to provide the final environment variables. To achieve that, you can use whatever means you prefer. For example, you can use Git, or you can move the files manually (with the help of `scp` or similar). 

Reviewer 3: "your project" and "provide the final environment variables" is really quickstart-y.  These statements don't make sense outside of that context.

2. After running this project on an internet-accessible server (which must respond on behalf of the domain you configured in the Apple developer account), go back to the page you left open on the Apple Developer portal (**Register a Services ID**), and click **Verify**. If you got everything right, Apple will confirm that you own the informed domain.

> ## Configure client variables

Reviewer 3: Same with this section.  "Configure client variables" is a section that's specific to a quickstart/implementation and does not belong in general connection config.
